Encapsulation(most important, key to good software design) : allow us to hide details about our code, 
methods and properties allow us to encapsulate code, 
access modifiers like public and private, give us explicit control over encapsulation and 
who sees the members of a class.
Inheritance(overrated): reuse code across similar classes
Polymorphism: allow us to have objects of the same type that can behave differently
polymorph means an object or material which takes variosu forms, polymorphic behavior would be a behavior that can change.
it's useful since we can write methods and code that is generic and doesn't have a dependdency on a specifc implementation
i can work with books that store information over the network, work with all of that in just one method.
any class would have a base class because .NET everything will derive from Object.

abstract method: we want the bookbase class to have an AddGrade member, but at this level, i cannot provide an implementation
let the derived types that inherit from this base class figuer out the implementation.

override: you can only override abstract methods and methods that we call virtual methods which is the method that is marked with keyword virtual.

interfaces are far more common than abstract classes.
the beauty of interface that we want to have the interface to be able to express exactly what i require in particular bits of code.

when implement an interface, we must have the members that interface has in the class even if they are abstract.

virtual: here is a method in this class, but a derived class might choose to override the implementation details for this method.
abstract: this method is implicitly virtual because someone needs to provide an implementation and override this abstract method.

dispose method and close method typically do the same thing: clean up and free the underlying resource.

using(StreamWriter writer = new StreamWriter(ConfigurationFilePath))
{
    writer.WriteLine(grade);    
}
c# compiler will essentially generate a try - finally statemnt, the c# compiler guarantees that it will call dispose on this IDisposable object.
common patter in .NET programming: when working iwth an object that works with things like files or sockets and has underlying resource, we typically wrp those with a using statement
so that we can create those objects and then dispose those objects as soon as we are finished working with them

ecapsulation is the key to build a software
by giving the statistic class the right level of encapsulation, we are able to offload a lot of work in the code that we can reuse.
we can reuse the code withou having an inheritance relationship between any of the book classes and statistics
all we did is to use the statistic class from other book classes.